JoJo's Bizarre Adventure Part 3
part Thirteen Oto Aso
Shop in surfing wheel of fortune Part 2's right I'm a
play
It is rustic entered Ee' Kacha
It is is whether there was Totti hang out there Otte
I Kyun' etc. Hey I'd went with was A'a' something after
Well ze you say is the previous close and joke
Pitcher mop pea aa-I will cut it off soon
I think it's nice because it's a little bit
ing
You
UketamawaTaro us off the wheel of fortune and mug great fight up to the last time
The wheel corporation means that the car that is the main issue of the wheel is visiting Japan
I knew it was a car and was fighting
And the car will be deformed
I wonder if I will show my seriousness Transform
Congratulations
Therma transforms like a living creature yeah
Bra of the Ahha ah ah ah you guys the other sumo Fuller
It is compared with this attached pipe tire I do Pico Ross, and the person who has a little Bello chapter also has the ability
now
It 's dangerous for me to put my hand on my head I'm home Gina Gett maker
It's in 03
There was
Moment what sticks much of guy that the cod attack could not see the body has been redesigned flash
Little your child-like black vehicle body is living UketamawaTaro
Next time I can't move, I'm going to pinch abandon
Here owner
Scout arrived poms
I cut it
It is on the ground using the movement of the muscle the moment the generation of the porch shines
If you aim for a lacquer that has a length of 10 meters in reverse, you should avoid it.
Easy
And for the first time, I can only move in parallel, and the blind spot during burning is overhead
It's a sluggish soul
Come on punch
The good news is that Jotaro has dropped 10m vertically
Punch fed out left only to the gravity of the uterus is exactly when you hear that shooting stars
Shooting star no small projection flow flow star pan-chan
The aim is good, but I 'm not nervous .
You are not your own or something else It is already good for your body
Can you be aware of what you were driven into
This smell is true
If you can't stop the gas, you 'll well crush it
I'll name it I can nodd
Water Kero hey sing in the hell of the bottom
Surprisingly it is a cigarette
No. Sab Khan would have been
Hierophant Cree Splash at sea
No
When I let go of my subsasa emerald splash, the liquid which was dripped with gold is
Let's think that it is the standless powerlessness of the brain coming to our trip that came
Hmmm
Ghatto
Desperate Well then flame is unexpected and understanding of taste that did have hit the other desperate gasoline down ineffective
Pretend to do
I'm concerned about Neo Taro, I'm concerned about your trip to Egypt is also the end of high school I am here housing
Number eight folded
Do you make a car come from the meeting on this road one step ah
ooooooooooooooooooooo oooo
push
If you look at the place where the heat is increased and it is ignited by this blow that was politely depressed, it seems that it is apparently
I stand here big gasoline
And are equipped with turtle softening Fu unexpected # more than the other here in Aso of gas is equipped with the gasoline
In other words, you stand at the pace of your real car
Raw speaking postage
It is natural to think that I acted a lot on sarin
Village Dah error N
Ah ah ah ah
Hmm
If you move the car running out of gas with the advanced power of the master only
I'm afraid I can't let it go
End in the third
With horror
Ula
Barn
Four
This is a monster car guaranteed no matter how ordinary car hair removal
And then
you
Eh lob degree high
Jotaro apparently you guys are my friends
I am the way, such as has been confronted with roughly 1 panel roughly blow
It will have been a tough fight
Even the money of the bangs
Shibosutofire
It was awkward to catch a cold, so I got in before it came early .
The rain is like a journey from now on
It's a vision from now on or something that symbolizes something like that
Whether the journey what terrible development from this was the feeling is waiting for such as promptly